C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.exe
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.deps.json
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.pdb
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\SkiaSharp.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net7.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSkiaSharp.dylib
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net7.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\EventsManager.dll
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.pdb
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Avanade_2024\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\EventsManager.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.exe
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.deps.json
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.pdb
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\SkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net7.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSkiaSharp.dylib
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net7.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\EventsManager.dll
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.pdb
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\EventsManager.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\janei\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\EventsManager\EventsManager\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\EventsManager.dll
